Added info about Fastly Admin UI Not Being Available (Cloud) (#7899)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.md

You need the Fastly credentials to configure Fastly CDN services from the Magento Admin UI and to submit Fastly API requests.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> With Magento Cloud, Fastly Admin UI access is not provided. Any issue that cannot be solved through the Fastly Admin in Magento should be referred to [Magento Support](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000913794#submit-ticket).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With {{ site.data.var.ece }}Magento Cloud, you cannot access the Fastly Admin UI directly. You must use the Magento Admin UI to review and update the Fastly configuration for your environments.  If you cannot resolve an issue using the Fastly capabilities in the Magento Admin UI, submit a [Magento Support](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000913794#submit-ticket) ticket.
```
